[docs] add deployment section for adapter-node (#2724)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-node/README.md

You can specify different environment variables if necessary using the `env` option.

## Deploying

> If you want to run the built app on another host then all is needed is the output directory and the `package.json` (for the `{"type": "module"}` setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the built app on another host, then all that is needed is the `build` directory and the `package.json` (for the `{"type": "module"}` setting).
```

We can mention `build` directly as that's fixed. I think we should move this under the middleware section too.

Author: thanks for the fixes. I didn't mention the `build` explicitly, because of the `out` setting, but happy to have the default here :)
